docs: add information for Harvester#8096 i.e. Longhorn#10741 (#757)
harvester/docs: docs/volume/create-volume.md

![create-empty-volume](/img/v1.2/volume/create-empty-volume.png)

> ### Oversized Volume
> 
> :::caution
> 
> Creating an oversized volume (e.g., 999999G) can cause the volume to be marked as "Not Ready" and undeletable. This issue has been observed in Harvester version `v1.5.0` (Longhorn version `v1.8.1`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Oversized Volumes

In Harvester v1.5.0, which uses Longhorn v1.8.1, oversized volumes (for example, 999999 Gi in size) are marked **Not Ready** and cannot be deleted.
```

Reviewer: The text block is too long to be placed in a note. I think the heading is sufficient for drawing attention to the text.

> This issue is related to the [Longhorn issue #10741](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/10741) and the [Harvester issue #8096](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/8096). It will be addressed in Longhorn version `v1.8.2`, which is expected to be included in Harvester version `v1.5.1`.

Reviewer: Please remove this. I placed the info at the bottom of the section.

Author: updated per suggesion, thanks.

> To resolve this issue, follow these steps:
> 
> 1. Temporarily remove the PVC webhook rule:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To resolve this issue, perform the following steps:

1. Temporarily remove the PVC webhook rule.
```

   ```bash
   kubectl patch validatingwebhookconfiguration longhorn-webhook-validator \
     --type='json' \
     -p='[{"op": "remove", "path": "/webhooks/0/rules/17"}]'
   ```

> 2. Wait for the related PVC to be deleted.
> 
> 3. Restore the PVC update rule to re-enable validation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Wait for the related PVC to be deleted.

1. Restore the PVC webhook rule to re-enable validation.
```

Reviewer: I changed `update rule` to `webhook rule` because that's what the user supposedly removed in step 1. If I misunderstood, please change the text.

   ```bash
   kubectl patch validatingwebhookconfiguration longhorn-webhook-validator \
     --type='json' \
     -p='[{"op": "add", "path": "/webhooks/0/rules/-", "value": {"apiGroups":[""],"apiVersions":["v1"],"operations":["UPDATE"],"resources":["persistentvolumeclaims"],"scope":"Namespaced"}}]'
   ```

> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The issue will be addressed in Longhorn v1.8.2, which will likely be included in Harvester v1.5.1.

Related issues:
- Harvester: [Issue #8096](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/8096)
- Longhorn: [Issue #10741](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/10741)
```

![create-empty-volume](/img/v1.2/volume/create-empty-volume.png)

### Oversized Volume

:::caution

> Creating an oversized volume (e.g., 999999G) can cause the volume to be marked as "Not Ready" and undeletable. This issue has been observed in Harvester version `v1.5.0` (Longhorn version `v1.8.1`).

Reviewer 2: Do we have a clear number for users to know what volume size will cause an issue?

Author: Theoretically, `resource.Quantity` values smaller than `2^63 - 1` (i.e., the maximum for an int64) should not require a pointer. 

However, in practice, this depends on the Kubernetes implementation. For example, even a value like `999999GB` may still result in a `resource.Quantity` that contains a pointer, which can cause direct comparisons to fail.

Reviewer 2: Understood. Since we only have a post-reaction as the workaround, I'm okay with not knowing the limitation beforehand.

This issue is related to the [Longhorn issue #10741](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/10741) and the [Harvester issue #8096](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/8096). It will be addressed in Longhorn version `v1.8.2`, which is expected to be included in Harvester version `v1.5.1`.

To resolve this issue, follow these steps:

1. Temporarily remove the PVC webhook rule:

   ```bash
   kubectl patch validatingwebhookconfiguration longhorn-webhook-validator \
     --type='json' \
     -p='[{"op": "remove", "path": "/webhooks/0/rules/17"}]'
   ```

2. Wait for the related PVC to be deleted.

3. Restore the PVC update rule to re-enable validation:

   ```bash
   kubectl patch validatingwebhookconfiguration longhorn-webhook-validator \
     --type='json' \

>      -p='[{"op": "add", "path": "/webhooks/0/rules/-", "value": {"apiGroups":[""],"apiVersions":["v1"],"operations":["UPDATE"],"resources":["persistentvolumeclaims"],"scope":"Namespaced"}}]'

Author: Checked the related command can't be applied

   ```

> To prevent this issue, you can remove the PVC webhook rule before performing the operation:

Reviewer 3: I am not sure about this hint.
We should not always disable the PVC webhook if we want it to perform other validations for PVC.
WDYT?

Author: Yes, good point, thanks. I will remove this part.
